---
title: Cider Days
layout: post
excerpt: Cider fun this month, plus some tech updates
tags: [cider, apples, press, equipment, rental, lhbs, website, tech]
---

The apple tree, like many in the Denver area this year, was totally loaded with
apples.  We decided that the only realistic option was to rent a cider press
and get it all done in a night.  It turned out that it took the best part of 2
days last weekend to pick and process the apples, but we got much more raw
juice than expected - about 18 gallons on total.  I reckon we processed about
1000 apples in the press, so a good amount more than that came off the tree and
were discarded.

The fruit press came from [Beer At Home][] in Westminster.  They were the first brew
shop I visited upon moving to Denver, and it's been years since then until my
last visit.  The guys were totally helpful, and I rented the press at a totally
reasonable $25/day.  If you're in need and in the area, check these guys out.

After giving some away to Ken and Chris, there was plenty left for some experiments.
Currently, this is what's bubbling away in the basement.

* Straight Cider (link soon)
* Orange Blossom Cyser (link soon)
* Sweet Spiced Cider (link soon)
* Dark Graff (link soon)

Also, have to thank Ken for his huge help on the first day, my Dad for
vacation-time huge help on the second day, and Ky and my Mum's help picking
apples, driving around, and general moral support.  It was definitely a big
team effort, and everyone was sick of the sight of apples for a few days.

## Tech

Also, this is the first post in the rewritten blog.  I moved all the content
into [Jekyll]][] (another static blog generator, similar to Nanoc, but
distributed as a Ruby Gem), and finally got Disqus comments hooked up.  About
time...

[Jekyll]: https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll
[Beer At Home]: http://www.beerathome.com/
